specification of speaker device :
The freedom of wireless. The power of active noise
cancelling.
Fully immerse yourself in luxurious audio — minus distractions.
Harman Kardon FLY ANC headphones’ advanced active noise-
cancelling technology completely connects you with your music.
Precision engineered, these beautifully crafted over-ear headphones
deliver up to 20 hours of disturbance-free listening, or up to
30 hours with noise-cancelling switched off. Minimize the impact
of interruptions by switching seamlessly between separate devices
with multi-point connection. Stay on top of it all with Google Assistant
and Amazon Alexa built-in and for the ultimate in luxurious audio,
completely customize your sound experience through Harman Kardon
Headphones’ App.
Features
Harman Kardon Signature Sound
Premium comfort and design
Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa built-in
Zero distractions
Lightning fast charging
Easily manage your connections
Powerful options
Safe and sound
Explore more with the Harman Kardon Headphones’ App
WIRELESS OVER-EAR NC HEADPHONES
F L Y A N C
WIRELESS OVER-EAR NC HEADPHONES
Harman Kardon Signature Sound
Optimized for travel and with 40mm drivers, Harman Kardon FLY
ANC headphones delivers premium, rich sound when you are on the
move. Enjoy beautiful music no matter where your day takes you.
Premium comfort and design
Created from refined materials, Harman Kardon FLY ANC
headphones cradle your ears in comfort. Their sophisticated
details include a leather headband and aluminum ear cap for
style, comfort and durability.
Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa built-in
A simple touch on the earbud activates the Voice Assistant
of your preference. Get answers, play music and tackle the
challenges of your day using simply the power of your voice.
Zero distractions
Tune out anything that would come between you and enjoying
your music. Harman Kardon FLY ANC headphones’ advanced
noise cancelling technology means you hear more of what you
want and less of what you do not.
Lightning fast charging
With a 20 hour battery life and just 15 minutes of charging
needed for 2.5 hours of playtime, Harman Kardon FLY ANC
headphones ensure productivity and less downtime away
from your music.
Easily manage your connections
With Harman Kardon FLY ANC headphones’ multipoint
connection, you can seamlessly switch between devices.
Click easily from a movie to a call and back again.
Powerful options
Lose battery? Just plug the detachable audio cable into your
Harman Kardon FLY ANC headphones to keep listening with
noise-cancelling switched off. Use the same cable as an in-flight
adapter, and enjoy in-flight movies or listening channels with the
luxurious personalized sound you are accustomed to.
Safe and sound
Harman Kardon FLY ANC headphones are the perfect companion
for active professionals who require exquisite sound as their
constant companion. The included hard-sided travelling pouch
ensures your headphones are protected wherever you go.
Explore more with the Harman Kardon Headphones’ App
Enhance your listening experience with the Harman Kardon
Headphones App. Enjoy personalize sound by adjusting the
different equalization settings to your preference and select your
Voice Assistant between Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa.
Let your ears do the rest.
What’s in the box
Harman Kardon FLY ANC
Carrying Pouch
Flight Adapter
Audio cable
Charging cable
1 x Warranty / Warning (W / !)
1 x QSG / Safety Sheet (S / i)
Specifications
• Driver size: 40mm
• Frequency response (Wireless): 16Hz – 22kHz
• Frequency response (Aux-in): 16Hz – 22kHz
• Sensitivity: 100dB SPL@1kHz/1mW
• Maximum Input Power: 30mW
• Microphone sensitivity: -21dBV@1kHz/Pa
• Impedance: 32 ohm
• Bluetooth transmitted power: <8dbm
• Bluetooth transmitted modulation: GFSK, π/4 DQPSK, 8DPSK
• Bluetooth frequency: 2.402GHz–2.480GHz
• Bluetooth profile version: A2DP 1.3, AVRCP 1.5, HFP 1.6
• Bluetooth version: 4.2
• Battery Type: Lithium Ion Polymer Battery (3.7V/ 700mAh)
• Power Supply: 5V 1A
• Charging time: <2 hrs
• Music playtime with BT on and ANC on: 20 hrs
• Music playtime with BT on and ANC off: 30 hrs
• Product net weight: 281g (just for bare unit without cable)

in the United States and/or other countries. The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by
HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated is under license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners. Features, specifications and
appearance are subject to change without notice.
HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated
8500 Balboa Boulevard, Northridge, CA 91329 USA
www.harmankardon.com
